# Change Log

All notable changes will be documented in this file.

## [4.4.0] - 08.01.2025
### Added
- Criteria for facets option has been added to module configuration page. Now criteria must be chosen by administrator before displaying in facets. 
- Implemented a feature that requires users to select additional criteria, such as subcategory or vehicle, when an assembly group contains more than 10,000 articles and includes subgroups.
- Added **Experimental features** section to the Module settings page.
- Added single generic article page functionality as experimental feature.

### Changed
- Assembly group controller and articles controller has been merged.
- Assembly group images has been changed.

## [4.3.0] - 12.12.2024

### Added
- Added separate controller for single assembly group.
- **Show facets for availability** option added to the Module settings page.
- New widget for assembly groups has been added.

### Changed
- Grouped article criteria by name on front office.
- Changed facet generation logic to include whitelisted filters.

### Fixed
- Major performance improvements for all articles pages.

## [4.2.0] - 31.10.2024
Code style fixes, cleanup, minor bug fixes in stylesheets and other minor changes.

### Added
- **Show alphabetical filter** option added to the Module settings page.
- Added manufacturer logo to the front office TecDoc pages.
- Added extra page subheadings to the front office TecDoc pages.
- Added linking target types to Vehicle search widget.
- Added loading animation to Vehicle Search widget.
- **Show linkage target types** option added to the Widgets form.
- **Custom ID** option added to the Widgets form.

### Changed
- Completely redesigned the **Compatability tab** on article page for improved look and user experience.
- Slightly adjusted styles of attributes and OEM numbers on article page.

### Fixed
- Active filters are now always displayed on page load.

## [4.1.0] - 14.10.2024

Introduced new SEO features to enhance indexability and improve search engine crawling.

### Added
- Added configuration of meta titles and meta descriptions for TecDoc pages in the module settings.
- Added new SEO settings in the module settings, allowing users to customize URL rules for TecDoc pages.
- Added multi shop functionality to widgets.
- Added dynamic theming and classic theme option.

### Changed

- Replaced old ID-based URLs with SEO-friendly slugs for manufacturers, model series, vehicles, assembly groups, articles, and article detail pages, enhancing URL structure for better SEO performance.

### Fixed

- Resolved issue with right padding for facet headings.
- Fixed missing Estonian translations.
- Hidden TecDoc articles on v2 product pages in the Admin panel.

## [4.0.7] - 07.10.2024

This update adds sitemap functionality to the gsitemap module and other minor changes.

### Added

- Sitemap with TecDoc pages (manufacturers, models, vehicles, assembly groups and articles) now can be generated by gsitemap module.
- **Sitemap generation** option added to the Module settings page.

### Changed

- TecDoc API cache TTL changed to 6 hours.
- TecDoc controllers meta are no longer configurable.
- Updated license headers.

### Fixed

- Assembly groups and Articles pages are no longer accessible for disabled manufacturers.
- Breadcrumbs on Assembly groups and Articles pages have been updated to match the data with other pages.

## [4.0.6] - 18.09.2024

This update introduces new features for facet options and improves module theming customization.

### Added

- **Show facets for delivery** option added to the Module settings page.
- Delivery time facet option implemented for the articles page.

### Changed

- Updated translatable strings for delivery and pcs to support singular and plural forms.

### Fixed

- Minor HTML and CSS adjustments for enhanced theme customization.
